Removing start credits (#1024)
drand/drand: README.md

signature. At the moment, we are only using BLS signatures on the bls12-381 curves
and the signature is made over G1.

> (Note that this requires exposed drand nodes available to query public randomness,
> for instance this won't work with the current League of Entropy nodes, since they
> are not exposing their GRPC endpoints.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Note that this command expects access to a drand group member,
this won't work with the current League of Entropy nodes, since they
are not exposing their GRPC endpoints directly.)
```
